So now I will built-in search request method has been created.
what we need to do is to create this prepareStatementWith the SQL string we just
created and the andParameters method on the return object.
Let me create this one.
This is going to prepare the statement, and you know that to prepare a statement,
in fact, you have two steps.
The first one is to create the statement itself using the SQL query,
and this is very easy because we already have the SQL query,
and in the second step,
you need to set the parameters to this PreparedStatement so that the
final SQL query can be created by the JDBC API itself.
So what is going to be returned here is,
in fact, a PreparedStatement, but an extension of that.
And we know that extending stuff is not recommended by
the patterns from the Gang of Four.
Instead of extending objects, the Gang of Four tells us to compose objects.
So we are going to create, in fact, a PreparedStatementWrapper,
and we are going to make it a private in a class,
PreparedStatementWrapper.
And this PreparedStatementWrapper will compose a
prepared statement and add behavior to it.
What do we need to do here?
Well, there is something that is going to be particular to the H2 database.
It's that to prepare a statement, we first need a connection to the database.
So let me write this connection code.
It's a connection from JDBC, Connection.
And here,
we need to read the documentation on the H2 database because we
need to pass this special connection string,
which is the following.
I'm just going to paste it,
and this is basically the complete path to the db-Pluralsight
file that we just created with the prefix,
which is jdbc:h2:.
And after that, we need to pass the username,
which is the default sa username, which stands for system administrator,
and an empty password.
This is going to throw some exceptions.
We are not real interested in those exceptions,
so we are just going to throw them back.
From that connection object,
we can prepare a statement by passing the sql string that we just got.
This is our PreparedStatement.
And before we can call executeUpdate on that statement,
we need to set the parameters that have been specified in the SQL string.
In our example, those parameters are the three parameters, id, name, and age.
So for that, we are going to wrap the result in this PreparedStatementWrapper,
a single statement as a parameter.
Let me create this constructor.
And here, once again,
we are going to assign this parameter to a field just like that.
So now we have created a PreparedStatement,
at least the first step of it, and now we need to conduct the second step, which is adding the parameters to this statement.